# Pixel Platformer
#### Video Demo: https://youtu.be/Rx_NQeuclfA
#### Description: My project is a platform game that was created with Love2D and Lua where the player’s objective is to collect all the coins and avoid obstacles. Before I began programming the game, I first browsed for usable assets and helpful programs. The assets that I found were a pixel platformer tile pack, two 3rd party files to aid with implementation (STI & anim8), and a program, called Tiled, to create the map. The first file, main.lua, serves as the core of the project because it loads, draws, and updates everything in the game. The main file calls on the functions of the other files in the respective load/update/draw functions. The file also scales the background and window to the size of the screen. The player.lua file handles things related to the player such as player movement, physics, and health. The player can move left and right by pressing the keys “d” or the right arrow key and “a” or the left arrow key. The player can also jump by pressing the keys “w” or the up arrow key. When the player comes into contact with a coin, the coin will be removed and the coin counter will go up by one. When the player comes into contact with spikes, their health will be reduced by one each time they touch it and will respawn at the start of the map when it reaches zero. The coin.lua file is responsible for the coin’s properties. The file contains all of the functions needed to update and draw the coin. The spikes.lua file is similar to the coin file but does not spin and isn’t removed. The camera.lua file codes a camera that follows the player and will not go over the map boundaries. The gui.lua file displays the number of hearts the player has, 1-3, and the coin counter. The map.lua file generates the map, spawns the coins and spikes, prepares collision objects, and prepares a physics world. The map was created in Tiled with the Pixel Platformer pack (Kenney.nl) The conf.lua file gives the game a title and sets the width and height of the window.